Improve SEO metadata across all docs pages (#397)
powersync-ja/powersync-docs: client-sdks/advanced/raw-tables.mdx

---
title: "Raw SQLite Tables to Bypass JSON View Limitations"

> description: "Access raw SQLite tables to bypass JSON view limitations for native indexing, triggers, full-text search, and better query performance."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Access raw SQLite tables to bypass JSON view limitations for native SQLite functionality and better query performance."
```
